Update documentation for CsWin32RunAsBuildTask mode (#1497)
microsoft/CsWin32: docfx/docs/getting-started.md

### Support for trimming, AOT, and/or disabling the runtime marshaler

> **NEW!** CsWin32 now supports AOT by generating code from an MSBuild task rather than a source generator.

Reviewer: nit: it supported AOT before. But the support is _better_ now. But this has historically been a sore point of contention so I'd rather not 'officially' document that there was not AOT support before. Can we reword this?

```suggestion
**NEW!** CsWin32 now has improved support for NativeAOT by generating code from an MSBuild task rather than a source generator so that it can leverage other source generators that support `[LibraryImport]` and others.
```
